Update Examine custom index examples (#7611)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 16/umbraco-cms/reference/searching/examine/indexing.md

If you have a need, you can also use an Examine index for other data, that you aren't managing as Umbraco content.

As an illustrative example, we can define a collection of books. Here we have a hardcoded collection. In the real-world, it's more likely these will come from a database.

```csharp
namespace Umbraco.Docs.Samples.Web.CustomIndexing;

public class Book
{
    public int Id { get; set; }

    public string Title { get; set; } = string.Empty;

    public string Author { get; set; } = string.Empty;

    public int PublishedYear { get; set; }
}

public static class BookData
{
    public static List<Book> GetBooks() =>
        [
            new() { Id = 1, Title = "The Great Gatsby", Author = "F. Scott Fitzgerald", PublishedYear = 1925 },
            new() { Id = 2, Title = "To Kill a Mockingbird", Author = "Harper Lee", PublishedYear = 1960 },
            new() { Id = 3, Title = "1984", Author = "George Orwell", PublishedYear = 1949 },
            new() { Id = 4, Title = "Pride and Prejudice", Author = "Jane Austen", PublishedYear = 1813 },
            new() { Id = 5, Title = "The Catcher in the Rye", Author = "J.D. Salinger", PublishedYear = 1951 }
        ];
}
```

> As with the previous example, we define an index. As this time we aren't indexing Umbraco data, we inherit directly from `LuceneIndex`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with the previous example, define an index. At this time, we aren't indexing Umbraco data; we inherit directly from `LuceneIndex`:
```

public class BookIndex : LuceneIndex
{
    public BookIndex(
        ILoggerFactory loggerFactory,
        string name,
        IOptionsMonitor<LuceneDirectoryIndexOptions> indexOptions)
        : base(loggerFactory, name, indexOptions)
    {
    }
}
```

The index is customized and fields are defined as before via `IConfigureNamedOptions`:

```csharp
using Examine;
using Examine.Lucene;
using Microsoft.Extensions.Options;

namespace Umbraco.Docs.Samples.Web.CustomIndexing;

public class ConfigureBookIndexOptions : IConfigureNamedOptions<LuceneDirectoryIndexOptions>
{
    public void Configure(string? name, LuceneDirectoryIndexOptions options)
    {
        if (name?.Equals("BookIndex") is false)
        {
            return;
        }

        options.FieldDefinitions = new(
            new("id", FieldDefinitionTypes.Integer),
            new("title", FieldDefinitionTypes.FullText),
            new("author", FieldDefinitionTypes.FullText),
            new("publishedYear", FieldDefinitionTypes.Integer)
        );
    }

    public void Configure(LuceneDirectoryIndexOptions options)
        => Configure(string.Empty, options);
}
```

> And once again, we need a composer to register the necessary components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And once again, a composer is required to register the necessary components:
```

```csharp
using Examine;
using Umbraco.Cms.Core.Composing;
using Umbraco.Cms.Infrastructure.Examine;

namespace Umbraco.Docs.Samples.Web.CustomIndexing;

[ComposeAfter(typeof(AddExamineComposer))]
public class ExamineComposer : IComposer
{
    public void Compose(IUmbracoBuilder builder)
    {
        builder.Services.AddExamineLuceneIndex<BookIndex, ConfigurationEnabledDirectoryFactory>("BookIndex");

        builder.Services.ConfigureOptions<ConfigureBookIndexOptions>();
    }
}
```

> With this in place, the details of the index will be available under the _Settings > Examine Management > Indexes_ screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this in place, the details of the index will be available under the **Settings** > **Examine Management** > **Indexes** screen.
```
